gipsy
you there wait stop come back where did
he go I've got to find
wait a minute if I wished myself here I
can wish myself back I wish
I wish everything was just like it was
it didn't work
sorry you already had your wish you you
did this you and your magic charm oh but
it was your wish I'm afraid you did it
not me
yes but I didn't mean it you have to
change it back story but I can but then
how do I get back I'm afraid you'll have
to find your own way home
excuse me
Celeste Celeste please wait no no wait
gypsy
Celeste wait please wait
Oh
what
Celeste don't you remember me Celeste
yes
I've gotten to you're in the street
yeah we were children together long time
ago you ran away when the hunter came
but I came back
we built this city we built this palace
maybe you should get him out of the Sun
Babar the king and queen are home they
are now and after we joined together to
get rid of the hunter I was crowned king
and helped build a wonderful city and
you Celeste work I named our city I
think you're a little touched - I know
it all sounds crazy but this city was a
wonderful place it could be wonderful
but every year when the monsoons come we
all head for the safety of the hills and
there must be something that can be done
so you see king rataxes i know some of
these ideas will save celeste that I
mean rataxes bill well basil what do you
think well what do you think does make
some sense no no no about my statues
which shall i put in front of my horror
favorite axis the conqueror
or a rataxes father of his people what
about the city as you can see I already
have my hands full with kingly decisions
of the highest order
what do you think basil about the
statues the city's done well to be open
frank and honest' Uranus as of this
moment you are my official advisor in
all matters pertaining to saving the
city
in other words oh just do whatever you
have to so I can finish my rent taxes
all the babe
what's this say the Kings going to
prepare the city to brave the storm in
our house we don't have to hide in the
hill no this time it's true the king
wants to help but you don't have to none
of us do king rataxes has hired me to do
whatever has to be done to save the city
and we will save it I promise you I'm
for him why not give it a try
Babar does have a point
and a nice
I understand that Babar fellow you hired
is doing a tremendous job storm shutters
reinforcing buildings full job
by the way where is he getting the
building materials for all this
goodbye home hello you